It's that simple.
But you broke Xiao Ming's finger
Grandpa won't forgive you
So now you go out with me
Go ask them if they are still pursuing this matter.
Lest you worry
After asking clearly, we will not break the river
Eat a fruit
Why are you here?
roll
Grandpa, granddaughter is also responsible for this.
Fang Chen hitting people is wrong
But the reason for this
I also know a rough idea.
So I asked Fang Chen to apologize
Say sorry.
I hope you will take a step back for my sake
Fang Chen still didn't apologize to his grandfather
I'm leaving too, sorry
No, no, I should apologize to you.
I did something wrong before.
Do you dare to accept my apology?
My wife said she wants to apologize to you
You must accept
Hey, what do you mean?
Did you do it on purpose?